1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Personal information you disclose to us

In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information
about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.

Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the
Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:

* names
« phone numbers

« pictures

« contact or authentication data

Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.

Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:

« Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's
camera, storage, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.

« Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating
system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version,
hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our
application(s), we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device's operating
system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, and information about the features of our
application(s) you accessed.

« Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you wish
to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
