California "Shine The Light" Law

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and
obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct
marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding
calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us by using the
contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?"

10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.

We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date at the top of this Privacy
Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly
sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at adamwax06@gmail.com or contact us by post at:

Adam Wax

101 Datz Way
Mullica Hill, NJ 08062
United States

12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

Based on the applicable laws of your country or state of residence in the US, you may have the right to request access to the personal information
we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right
to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To
request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit: adamwax06@gmail.com.
