This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics
and reporting purposes.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.

Information automatically collected

In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically
when you visit our Services.

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity
(like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics,
operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services,
and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal
analytics and reporting purposes.

The information we collect includes:

« Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically
collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may
include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the
date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use),
device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).

« Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services.
Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application
identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system
configuration information.
